Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

Work with development teams to ideate software solutions
Design and implementation of the overall web architecture
Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications
Work with their US counterpart to conduct scrums, sprint planning and sprint retrospective
Design and implementation of continuous integration and deployment
Build features and applications with a mobile responsive design
Problem-solving with alternative approaches and in consultation with stakeholders
Working as part of a team encourages innovation & best practices
Required Qualifications:

5+ years of Proven work experience in Ruby development
Deep expertise in object-oriented development, including strong design pattern knowledge
Good understanding of the syntax of Ruby and its nuances
Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or relevant field
Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g. Angular, React, Node.js)
Familiarity with databases (e.g. PostgreSQL, MySQL, MSSQL, Oracle, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design
Thorough understanding of user experience and possibly even product strategy
Experience implementing testing platforms and unit tests
Understanding of Messaging concepts and technologies Active MQ/RabbitMQ etc.
DevOps concepts and understanding of Open-source cloud technologies
Proficiency with SVN or Git
Appreciation for clean and well-documented code
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
Precise attention to detail
Strong judgement and commitment to ethics
Preferred Qualifications:

1+ years’ experience with ecommerce platforms
Basic familiarity with Amazon.com, Walmart.com, and other ecommerce marketplaces
Strong writing and editing skills
Previous experience working in a high-stakes business environment
Conducted annual reviews, one-on-one weekly meetings
Participate in hiring their team members



sra interview
When a post is destroyed it's comments still exist in the database. How should we go about fixing this?

A malicious user was able to post a rating with 6 stars. How did this happen and how can we prevent it?

A normal user reports they were able to make two posts with the same Title. We already enforce uniqueness on the Post model. How did this happen? How can we prevent it?

A penetration tester injected javascript onto our page.

Avoid html_safe
Do not use html_safe on user-generated content unless you are 100% sure the data has been sanitized. For example:

Validate and Sanitize Inputs
Validate input data in models or controllers to ensure only expected data is processed.
Use gems like Loofah or Sanitize for more granular HTML sanitization.